docs: adds rack awareness callout to the mm2 config example (#6901)
strimzi/strimzi-kafka-operator: documentation/modules/configuring/proc-config-kafka-connect.adoc

<15> xref:con-common-configuration-prometheus-reference[Prometheus metrics], which are enabled by referencing a ConfigMap containing configuration for the Prometheus JMX exporter in this example. You can enable metrics without further configuration using a reference to a ConfigMap containing an empty file under `metricsConfig.valueFrom.configMapKeyRef.key`.
<16> xref:con-common-configuration-jvm-reference[JVM configuration options] to optimize performance for the Virtual Machine (VM) running Kafka Connect.
<17> ADVANCED OPTION: xref:con-common-configuration-images-reference[Container image configuration], which is recommended only in special situations.

> <18> SPECIALIZED OPTION: xref:type-Rack-reference[Rack awareness] configuration for the deployment. This is a specialized option intended for a local deployment. Use this option if you want connectors to consume from the closest replica rather than the leader replica. If suitable, rack awareness can improve network utilization. The `topologyKey` must match a node label containing the rack ID. The example used in this configuration specifies a zone using the standard `topology.kubernetes.io/zone` label.

Reviewer: I think we need to explain what local deployment means, as that will be not clear to people.

```suggestion
<18> SPECIALIZED OPTION: xref:type-Rack-reference[Rack awareness] configuration for the deployment. This is a specialized option intended for a local deployment. Use this option if you want connectors to consume from the closest replica rather than the leader replica. In some case, consuming from closest replica can improve network utilization or save costs. The `topologyKey` must match a node label containing the rack ID. The example used in this configuration specifies a zone using the standard `topology.kubernetes.io/zone` label. To consume from the closest replica, you need to also enable the `RackAwareReplicaSelector` in the Kafka broker configuration.
```

Reviewer 2: If I get this right, local deployment basically means in the same racks/DCs/AZs set or subset of the source Kafka cluster. With rack awareness enabled, a connector task would be able to consume messages from a partition replica hosted in the same rack where it is running (broker.rack==client.rack), thus avoiding inter rack traffic, which is slower and may be charged. If such replica is not available, then it would fall back and consume from the leader replica, wherever it is hosted.

Reviewer: That is the general idea. The _local deployment_ is important because:
* If you connect to some remote Kafka cluster, you are obviously loosing the advantage from avoiding the inter-rack traffic. Since the inter-region traffic is probably a bigger bottleneck but also doesn't create the intra-rack traffic in the first place.
* In many public clouds, the zones are randomized. So `us-east-1a` in my AWS account is not the same data centre as `us-east-1a` in your AWS account. So forcing Kafka to consume from some Kafka broker in the same zone in another AWS account means nothing.

At the same time, consuming from closest replica has drawbacks such as increased latency etc. So you do not want to use it _just in case it maybe helped_.

What exactly local deployment means is complicated and will depend on the infrastructure. It does not necessarily mean _in the same Kubernetes cluster_. But it will be a little bit individual for each user.

Reviewer 2: Thanks @scholzj for the additional insights.
